the section on current routes adds nothing to the info .
the base of the buildings contains commercial space , including two restaurants , a dental office ( pinnacle dental ) , a medical clinic , and spa , while the surrounding area will consist of public parks , shops and recreation spaces .
the genetic variation among the viruses isolated from different places ( 7-8 ) increases the difficulty of developing vaccines against it .
the list of shipwrecks in 1980 includes all ships sunk , foundered , grounded , or otherwise lost during 1980 .
the edwardian semi-detached houses of brantwood road , facing the park have an art deco style whilst those in ashburnham road include ornate balconies .
for protestant denominations , the purposes of marriage include intimate companionship , rearing children and mutual support for both husband and wife to fulfill their life callings .
the signs , due to being the same colour green as the shield , show a green sign with a white inlay border , and a green outer border .
the application of these techniques to humans creates moral and ethical concerns in the opinion of some , while the advantages of sensible use of selected technologies is favored by others .
under chairwoman agnes gund , the moma ps1 's board of directors includes the artists laurie anderson and paul chan , art historian diana widmaier-picasso , fashion designer adam kimmel , and art collectors richard chang , peter norton , and julia stoschek .
the first chapter of `` cities of the plain '' includes a detailed account of a sexual encounter between m .
wright 's other acting credits on television include itv 's crossroads and bbc one 's doctors .
the plains , where most of the population lives and the majority of activity takes place , form an expanse of low-lying , flat , and comparatively dry grassland .
the intersections of the load line with the transistor characteristic curve represent the different values of ic and vce at different base currents .
the diocese 's coat of arms has a red field in honor of the sacred heart of jesus .
the other routes on the pillar have only two bolts for sport climbing , making a ground-fall more likely should a mistake be made .
the celebrations honoring saint joseph , the saint patron of the city , form a part of the city 's culture .
furthermore , other scholars have noted how the cryptic dharani passages within the lotus sutra represent a form of the magadhi dialect that is more similar to pali than sanskrit .
the competition from local schools , like west lafayette junior-senior high school , also demands high academic standards .
the investigation of chaperones has a long history .
he may be a wonderful vandal fighter , but i think the comments about this matter at the talk page reflect a clear misunderstanding of practice , here .
bce ) , although no examples of that period remain today .
its major american competitors in the plastic model kit market include amt-ertl , lindberg , and testors .
his work in rabies includes multiple studies investigating efficacy and side effects of tissue culture derived rabies vaccines , as well as leading clinical trials as primary investigator in collaboration with the who .
his feature credits as a screenwriter include american hot wax , rafferty and the gold dust twins and where the buffalo roam .
hence , some state definitions of assault weapon explicitly include assault rifles .
his other research interests in modern cornish history include cornish emigration ; ethnicity and territorial politics and centre-periphery relations .
the impact of glaciers on people includes the fields of human geography and anthropology .
her topics of interest include the history of childhood and family , networks , social interactions and reciprocity , poverty , welfare , gift-exchange and the history of the emotions .
the criteria for approval of an employment visa include suitable educational qualifications or work experience , a secured employment contract in moldova , provide proof of adequate means of subsistence in moldova , police confirmation that you have no criminal record , and a satisfactory medical examination .
the opponents of this measure have not a single reason to advance why this bill should not pass .
the control panels at the left hand end of the instrument include the d6 clavinet mixture controls and a sliding control for the volume .
the object is to eliminate as many stars as possible before the stack of blocks reaches the top of the screen ; a hand raises up the set of blocks , introducing a new row .
second of all , his works today reach very high prices , placing him well above the notability minimum for artists .
the class of all preordered sets with monotonic functions as morphisms forms a category , ord .
the basket of goods and services chosen reflects changes in society 's buying habits .
the ability of binding partners to induce conformational changes in proteins allows the construction of enormously complex signaling networks .
communities bans should be the absolute last resort when an editor 's contributions to the project have a net detrimental effect and lesser sanctions have failed to improve this problem .
the notes of the first session of the washington county court during that year indicate a call for a road from canon 's mill to pittsburgh .
the anaerobic organisms in osteomyelitis associated with peripheral vascular disease generally reach the bone from adjacent soft-tissue ulcers .
i have taken note of michaelqschmidt 's keep vote , but note that the articles in the second google news link contain nothing non-trivial and the first shows only brief local coverage .
the list of university of toledo people includes notable alumni , former students , and faculty of the university of toledo .
the small number of non-white students in the schools accurately reflects the racial and ethnic demographics of the community .
however , the issues of cost versus benefit remain an area of ongoing research and discussion .
the common terms for dizziness include vertigo , pre-syncope and disequilibrium .
the causes of the increasing lack of physical education include budgetary pressure which limits the resources provided for this ; the increasing attractiveness of rival pastimes such as video games ; and the increased emphasis upon academic results .
the sections of the former route from drysdale to south geelong , along with a walking track adjacent to the queenscliff-drysdale line , now form the bellarine rail trail , accessible to cyclists and walkers .
romayne 's film work scoring independent features and documentaries includes the screamfest crystal skull winner h .
the loss of basic needs providers emigrating from impoverished countries has a damaging effect .
one 's actions at this level of existence have a consistency and coherence that they lacked in the previous sphere of existence .
the islands in the gulf include santa catalina island .
the oaths themselves talk about the family bond , and we can conjecture that the rules of secrecy represent the family loyalty as well as a sense of self-preservation .
the finding of extensive deposits of fishbones associated with the earliest levels also shows a continuity of the abzu cult associated later with enki and ea .
the people on death row include foreign nationals , many of whom were convicted of drug-related offences .
in addition , the sequence of secondary measures has applications in quantum mechanics .
the manipulation of large quantities requires specific precautions to prevent the release of the vapour into the environment .
the councillor with the highest votes becomes the deputy mayor and may proxy for the mayor .
