# English>DL>German>GG>Chinese(traditional)>GG>Spanish>DL>English
the current route section adds nothing to the information .
at the base of the building are commercial spaces, including two restaurants, a dental clinic (pinnacle dental), a medical clinic and a spa, while the surrounding area will include parks , stores and recreational areas .
genetic variation between viruses extracted in different locations (7-8) complicates the development of vaccines against this virus . #corrected
the 1980 shipwreck list includes all ships that sank, marooned, ran aground, or were otherwise lost in 1980 . #corrected
the edwardian-style townhouse on brantwood road overlooking the park has an art deco style , while the townhouse on ashburnham road has a beautiful balcony . #sketch
for protestant denominations , the purposes of marriage include intimate companionship , the raising of children , and the mutual support of husbands and wives in fulfilling life's tasks. #questionable
because the signs are of the same green as the shield , they shows a green shield with a white inlay and a green outer border . #corrected
the application of these technologies to humans raises moral and ethical questions for some, while others advocate the benefits of judicious use of selected technologies . #corrected
the moma ps1 's board , chaired by agnes gund , includes artists laurie anderson and paul chan , art historian diana widmaier-picasso , fashion designer adam kimmel and art collectors richard chang , peter norton and julia stoschek .
the first chapter of "plain city" details the sexual encounter between m . #corrected
wright 's other television credits include itv 's crossroads and bbc one 's doctors .
the plains where most of the population lives and where most of the activities take place are flat , low , relatively dry grassy landscapes .
the intersections of the load line and the transistor characteristic curve represents the different values of ic and vce for different base currents . #corrected
the diocese 's emblem has a red area in honor of the sacred heart of jesus . #corrected
the rest of the pole line has only two sport climbing bolts , making a fall more likely in case of an error . #corrected sketch
celebrations in honor of the city 's patron saint , st. joseph , are part of the city 's culture .
in additionv, other scholars have pointed out that mystical dharani passages in the lotus sutra represent a magadhi dialect that is more similar to pali than sanskrit . #corrected
local school competition such as at west lafayette junior high also requires high academic standards . #corrected
the chaperone examination has a long history. #corrected
he may be an excellent fighter against vandalism , but i think the comments on the topic on the discussion page reflect a clear misunderstanding of the practice here . #corrected
a.c. ), although no examples from this period survive today . #corrected
their main competitors in the u.s. market for plastic model kits are amt-ertl , lindberg , and testors . #corrected
his work on rabies includes multiple studies investigating the efficacy and side effects of tissue culture-derived rabies vaccines , as well as leading clinical trials as principal investigator in collaboration with who .
his work as a screenwriter includes american hot wax , rafferty and the gold dust twins and where the buffalo roam . #corrected
as a result , some states' definitions of assault weapons explicitly include assault rifles .
his other research interests in modern cornish history include cornish immigration , racial and territorial politics , and the relationship between the center and the periphery .
the impact of glaciers on humans includes the fields of human geography and anthropology .
her topics of interest include childhood and family history , networks , social interaction and reciprocity , poverty , welfare , gift exchange , and the history of affection . #questionable:affection==emotion?
criteria for approval of a work visa include appropriate educational qualifications or work experience , an assured employment contract in moldova , proof of sufficient means of livelihood in moldova , confirmation by the police that you have no criminal record , and a satisfactory medical examination . #corrected
opponents of the measure have no grounds to argue why the bill should not be passed .
the control panels on the left side of the instrument include the clavinet d6 mix controls and volume sliders . #corrected
the goal is to remove as many stars as possible before the stack of blocks reaches the top of the screen ; in one hand a set of blocks is lifted to enter a new row . #corrected
secondly , his works are fetching very high prices at present, well above the artist's notability minimum . #corrected
the class of all preordered sets with monotonic functions as morphisms forms an ord category .
the selected bundle of goods and services reflects changes in the buying habits of society .
the ability of binding partners to induce protein conformational changes allows the construction of extremely complex signaling networks .
community bans should be an absolute last resort when publishers have a net detrimental effect on project contributions and lesser sanctions fail to ameliorate the problem . #questionable editor=publisher???
records from the first washington county court session that year indicated that a road was requested from canon 's mill to pittsburgh . #corrected
anaerobic bacteria in osteomyelitis associated with peripheral vascular disease usually reach the bone from adjacent soft tissue ulcers .
i noted michaelqschmidt's vote for keep , but note that the article in the second google news link contains nothing significant , and the first only shows short local coverage . #corrected
the university of toledo list includes notable alumni , prior graduates and university of toledo faculty and staff . #corrected
the minority of non-white students at the school accurately reflects the racial and ethnic demographics of the community .
however , the issue of cost versus benefit remains an area of ongoing research and discussion .
common terms for dizziness include vertigo, presyncope, and imbalance .
reasons for the growing scarcity of physical education include budgetary pressures that limit the resources available for it , the growing appeal of rival pastimes such as video games , and the increasing emphasis on academic achievement .
parts of the original drysdale to south geelong route , as well as the walking track near the queenscliff-drysdale line, now form the bellarine rail trail , available to cyclists and pedestrians . #corrected
romayne 's film credits account for independent feature films and documentaries, including screamfest crystal skull champion h. #corrected
the loss of basic needs providers migrating from poor countries has devastating effects .
a person's behavior at this level of existence has a consistency and coherence that was lacking in preceding spheres . #corrected
the bay islands include the island of santa catalina .
the oath itself speaks of family ties, and we can speculate that the rules of secrecy represent both family loyalty and a sense of self-preservation .
the discovery of massive deposits of fish bones associated with the early levels also shows the continuity of the abzu cult later associated with enki and ea . #corrected
death row inmates includes foreigners , many of whom have been convicted of drug-related crimes . #corrected
Moreover, secondary measurement sequences have applications in quantum mechanics . #corrected
large volume operations require special precautions to prevent the release of vapors into the environment .
the councilman with the most votes becomes deputy mayor and may act as mayor .
